Be misunderstood again
Mr. Gu is afraid to be angry
After all, he loved his wife deeply.
Brother came just in time
Husband brother Jianghu emergency
cooperate
Honey, I just saw you from afar.
You are the brightest presence in the crowd
Mr. Gu, this is my husband
He's my boss.
Sorry, I said the wrong thing.
That Born Dinner and Couples Suite
I'll give it to your husband and wife.
As for Mr. Gu
No need, then I won't disturb you here.
Mr. Gu often listens to my baby praising you
Say you are the best boss in the world, nice to meet you
Give me something
Ah!
Mr. Gu
You are off work.
Does your boss feel good?
and
Is he hostile to me? Don't talk nonsense.
Okay, aren't you off work?
Then let's go to dinner
Who said that just now?
Dinner for two
That's for couples.
What are we doing together?
Didn't you just call me husband?
Brother, OK, OK.
I won't beat you up, let's go home